feat(component): Add Tag component (#3062)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/src/content/docs/components/tag.mdx

Reviewer: Remember to rename tag to tags cf #3124

        <span class="tag-asset-container">
          <svg aria-hidden="true">
            <use xlink:href="/docs/${getConfig().docs_version}/assets/img/ouds-web-sprite.svg#info"/>
          </svg>
        </span>
        Info
      </span>
    </li>
    <li>
      <span class="tag text-bg-status-warning-muted">
        <span class="tag-asset-container">
          <svg aria-hidden="true">
            <use xlink:href="/docs/${getConfig().docs_version}/assets/img/ouds-web-sprite.svg#important"/>
          </svg>
        </span>
        Warning
      </span>
    </li>
    <li>
      <span class="tag text-bg-status-negative-muted">
        <span class="tag-asset-container">
          <svg aria-hidden="true">
            <use xlink:href="/docs/${getConfig().docs_version}/assets/img/ouds-web-sprite.svg#error-severe"/>
          </svg>
        </span>
        Negative
      </span>
    </li>
  </ul>`} />

<Example showPreview={false} code={`<span class="tag">
    <span class="tag-asset-container">
      <svg aria-hidden="true">
        <use xlink:href="/docs/${getConfig().docs_version}/assets/img/ouds-web-sprite.svg#heart-recommend" />
      </svg>
    </span>
    Neutral
  </span>`} />

> If really needed, you can use a font icon associated to the `.icon` class to set correct parameters for the `line-height`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If absolutely necessary, you can use a font icon associated to the `.icon` class to set correct parameters for the `line-height`.
```

Author: I think I prefer the first one (If really needed)

<Example code={`<ul class="list-unstyled d-flex flex-wrap column-gap-xs row-gap-md">
    <li>
      <span class="tag">
        <span class="tag-asset-container">
          <span class="icon si si-settings" aria-hidden="true"></span>
        </span>
        Settings
      </span>
    </li>
  </ul>`} />

#### Loader

{/* TODO : do we have use cases for loader? Do we need visually hidden label? */}

> To display a loader, just add the provided svg and a `.visually-hidden` text aside inside the `.tag-asset-container`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display a loader, just add the following SVG and a `.visually-hidden` text inside the `.tag-asset-container`.
```
Did you mean the `aside` element?

Reviewer 2: No I meant as a sibling, but there no need here for the comprehension indeed !

    <li><span class="tag tag-sm">Small neutral</span></li>
    <li>
      <span class="tag tag-sm">
        <span class="tag-asset-container">
          <span class="tag-bullet"></span>
        </span>
        Small neutral
      </span>
    </li>
    <li>
      <span class="tag tag-sm">
        <span class="tag-asset-container">
          <svg aria-hidden="true">
            <use xlink:href="/docs/${getConfig().docs_version}/assets/img/ouds-web-sprite.svg#heart-recommend"/>
          </svg>
        </span>
        Small neutral
      </span>
    </li>
    <li>
      <span class="tag tag-sm">
        <span class="tag-asset-container">
          <svg viewBox='0 0 40 40' xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' class="tag-loader" aria-hidden="true">
            <circle class="tag-loader-inner" cx="20" cy="20" r="15"></circle>
          </svg>
          <span role="status" class="visually-hidden">Loading</span>
        </span>
        Small neutral
      </span>
    </li>
  </ul>`} />

## Tag input

<Callout type="warning">
  Please note that all the variants above shouldn't be applied on this version of the component.
</Callout>

> Standard tags are used in an informative way. Tag inputs are interactive and can take all the usual statuses: enabled, hover, pressed, disabled or focus. The Tag input should be used along with a `<button>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Standard tags are used in an informative way. Tag inputs are interactive and can take all the usual states: enabled, hover, pressed, disabled or focussed. The tag input should be used along with a `<button>`.
```

> They aren't auto removed at the moment, so you need to implement this behavior by yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They aren't removed on click at the moment, so you need to implement this behavior by yourself.
```

<Example code={`<ul class="list-unstyled d-flex flex-wrap column-gap-xs">
    <li><button type="button" class="tag tag-input">Label</button></li>
    <li><button type="button" class="tag tag-input">Label</button></li>
  </ul>`} />

> {/* Here is the expected rendering when there is a bunch of them.

Reviewer: either we show it or we delete this imo

<Example code={`<ul class="list-unstyled d-flex flex-wrap column-gap-xs">
    <li><button type="button" class="tag tag-input">Label</button></li>
    <li><button type="button" class="tag tag-input">Label</button></li>
    <li><button type="button" class="tag tag-input">Label</button></li>
    <li><button type="button" class="tag tag-input">Label</button></li>
    <li><button type="button" class="tag tag-input">Label</button></li>
    <li><button type="button" class="tag tag-input">Label</button></li>
    <li><button type="button" class="tag tag-input">Label</button></li>
    <li><button type="button" class="tag tag-input">Label</button></li>
    <li><button type="button" class="tag tag-input">Label</button></li>
    <li><button type="button" class="tag tag-input">Label</button></li>
    <li><button type="button" class="tag tag-input">Label</button></li>
    <li><button type="button" class="tag tag-input">Label</button></li>
    <li><button type="button" class="tag tag-input">Label</button></li>
  </ul>`} /> */}

### Disabled

> To disable a Tag input, just add `disabled` attribute to the `.tag`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable a tag input, just add `disabled` attribute to the `.tag`
```
